What I have learn in the subject troubleshooting is that there are certain steps you need to do in fixing your personal computers. Some of its problems are complicated that you need to buy a new central processing unit for a more economical decision rather than getting your central processing unit to be fixed by a professional. Obviously, you should get you central processing unit to be fixed by a professional. We should not just fix it on our own without the right knowledge and skills. But with the knowledge and skills I have acquired in this class gave me the confidence in fixing my own personal computer and its central processing unit on my own. This subject gave me a chance in having a better future if ever I may encounter such problems along the way. And I need to be strong and courageous in my pursuit in acquiring more knowledge and skills in this part of my course because this is important in my career and my future self so that I will not be poor and can help my parent in their unwavering love and support. For example, your personal computer may no turn on. Some of its main problems are either the hardware or the software part of your personal computers. In the hardware part on of the first things you should look at is the power supply in your personal computers. The power supply speaks for itself it supplies your personal computer so that you can use it. If the power supply is the problem, then you should look at its components. One, should be the fan. The fan cools your power supply so that it doesn’t overheat. If the fan is good, then look at its cables or wires. Some may cable or wires have worn or torn out insulation giving in consistent amount of power needed. If the cables and wires are good, then you should look at the motherboard.  Well I won’t talk that further in talking about fixing a personal computer because, you can learn it in BISU. You should take the course bachelor’s in science Major in Computer Engineering. Some say it’s a hard course but to me it is I wont lie. I maybe left behind in some subjects but that doesn’t crush my heart in pursuing this course. Troubleshooting showed me that there are things in life where I can apply such things not just in my own personal computer but in real life. Like looking at problems I should look at the root cause so that the problem that I face will not comeback but also, I can prevent it from coming back. I should be thankful and I’m thankful because I was able to take this subject and it showed me a great hope in the future. In life we shouldn’t take life as granted because we can learn more wonderful things in life like the subject troubleshooting
In our time in troubleshooting we had two instructor Mr. Galao and Mr. Perin. Both should great teachings in their professions. They may differ in their ways and approach to the students and the lessons but most of it are direct and educational to us. We are not disappointed in the teachings the have taught us because all the want is for us to learn in fixing our personal computers. Teaching is giving knowledge to people who needs it, and which can help them in their problems. I’m happy that I was taught by two great instructors in my time in troubleshooting. They were excellent in their various ways of teaching. One was a veteran while one was a rookie, but both should greatness in their crafts. Some hindrances where faced in their time as out instructors. Both stood up and continued in their quest to teach us troubleshooting. And as students should be proud of things the have accomplished in quest to teach the knowledge of troubleshooting. The knowledge of troubleshooting was pass on to us as a ray of hope for the careers that we will get in the near future. The burning fire was made from ember. The ember in which our instructors created by there unwavering hope and dedication in the profession as a instructor. 
